feat(baseline): Allow force creating fresh baseline (#2124)
stryker-mutator/stryker-net: docs/configuration.md

## Baseline

### `baseline` &lt;`command`&gt;

Default: `false`

> Command line: `dotnet stryker baseline`

Reviewer: dotnet stryker is not part of the command, this is required to run Stryker in the first place

## Baseline

> ### `with-baseline` &lt;`committish`&gt;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `with-baseline` &lt;`version`&gt;
```

Default: `false`  
Command line: `with-baseline feat-2`  

> Config file: `"baseline": { }`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default: `false`  
Command line: `baseline feat-2`  
Alias: `with-baseline feat-2`
Config file: `"baseline": { }`  
```

> Enabling `baseline`, alias `with-baseline`, saves the mutation report to a storage location such as the filesystem. The mutation report is loaded at the start of the next mutation run. Any changed source code or unit test results in a reset of the mutants affected by the change. For unchanged mutants the previous result is reused. This feature expands on the [since](#since-flag-committish) feature by providing you with a full report after a partial mutation testrun. The target of the baseline is a `committish` passed as an extra argument. The target determines which committish is used to establish or locate a baseline.

Reviewer: Why does not still need to be a committish? We are trying to move away from git for baseline.

The report name is based on the current branch name or the [project-info.version](#project-infoversion-committish).

*\* The baseline and since features are mutually exclusive. This feature implicitly enables the [since](#since-flag-committish) feature for now.*

### `baseline.fallback-version` &lt;`string`&gt;

Default: [since-target](#since-flag-committish)  
Command line: `N/A`  
Config file: `"baseline": { "fallback-version": 'develop' }`  

> When [with-baseline](#with-baseline-committish) is enabled and Stryker cannot find an existing report for the current branch the fallback version is used. When Stryker is still unable to find a baseline we will do a complete instead of partial testrun. The complete testrun will then be saved as the new baseline for the next mutation testrun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [with-baseline](#with-baseline-committish) is enabled and Stryker cannot find an existing report for the current version the fallback version is used. When Stryker is still unable to find a baseline with either the current version or the fallback version a complete testrun is performed. The complete testrun will then be saved as the new baseline for the next mutation testrun.
```

### `with-baseline` &lt;`flag`&gt; [`:committish`]

Default: `false`

> Command line: `dotnet baseline:feat-2`

Reviewer: This is weird
